222
Adblock Plus is one of the few extensions you'll see recced in most Top 10s because one cannot imagine surfing the Internet without it. It's also one of the few extensions that make Firefox such a good browser. If you haven't installed it yet, what are you waiting for?
Have been using it since version 1. Just keeps on improving :)
Are you just sick of the ammount of over-advertising everywhere you go? ... because I absolutely hate it! Seven minute TV commercials .... advertisement pounding you wherever you go .... spam filling your mailbox .... and the web itself becoming a 'Las Vegas' of insanely greedy website owners.Well, at least something can be finally done about the last one. It is my mission to help do what I can.... rick752 (author of the EasyList filters for Adblock Plus)
Who ever made this shud get an award...Or just get payed for being brilliant!!!!This really does wot it says on the tin..No more "click here for a free laptop/iPod/holiday" **** (rubbish)!!! It's amazing seriously..If u're readin this.. just download it.. it's more then worth it!!!!!
Few things bother me more when I web surf then to see ad after ad after ad. This beautiful extension when used in conjunction with Adblock filterset G Updater just about rids my browser of every ad. It's not quite 100% but its darn close and certainly has made my internet travels a lot more enjoyable. I've tried the ad removers in other browsers but they simply aren't as effective as this pair. These two are the real deal for ad removal, and without question, are must have Firefox extensions!
This should be the first add-on you install!! Fantastic , try it for a week and the try surfing without it!!!
Really can't live without it! Amazing!
The Adblock Plus filters everything you don't want and leaves everything you do want. Pages load faster, flashy ads are a thing of the past, and what you're left with is a smooth browsing experience. I am so excited about this add-on I've told all my family and friends. I don't know how I surfed without it!
I\'ve been using download helper for a long while now and I\'ve just upgraded. Keep up the good work.
This add on lets you download things so easily. Anytime there is something that could be saved on a website, it will inform you and let you download it: Videos, songs, pictures! It's amazing!
Like everybody else I have this addon running on my XP system and it works GREAT, the only problem that I have found is that it does not work with Vista at all and would be interested to know when a Vista compatible version comes out so that I can start running this addon on my Vista system as well.
Top rated extension. Easier to use than other similar extensions. Works on most websites. I only had one instance that I couldn't download a embedded WMP video. Keep up the good work.
DownloadHelper=Integrity. It is the best!!!!! While many make empty claims and promises, DownloadHelper does exactly as it said it would do! It REALLY WORKS!
Works perfectly on my Vista, without any problems at all.
Works very well and is easy to use. Thank you.
Of all other media downloaders available I tried, this is the only one that works without a hassle. A MUST have!Man, I can't hank you enough - after about sixty dozens of successful downloads of all kinds - not a single one failed!!
Every time I visit certain websites, there are some greedy website owners who put annoying adverts in their portals, some of them inappropriate for children - take for example a Strawberry Shortcake fansite hosted by a free web service; it's supposed to be a site for children, but why on earth does an advert about "flavored condoms" appeared here? C'mon, aren't you web hosting services concerned about children? Web safety? Look, if you want to stay in business for more years, stop those aggressive advert gimmicks. But for now, Adblock Plus is better, especially for families who own PCs, especially for children...
One of the best add-on's available here!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
Works GREAT!! I\'m Lovin It!! ;-)
I dont normally do these review things but I felt I have to after witnessing what download helper can do. It will download anything of the internet, I love it. Thank you so much for making it and please never delete it or get rid of it. Most of these video downloaders dont even work but download helper...... whooo I feel like Im ranting here, its great people, thanks again
OMG I love this extension. Even with my slow connection speed, this extension took almost no time to download. And after Firefox restarted, I saw the results immediately. Now my pages load much faster, which is GREAT for sites like Myspace.com, which have many different graphics, videos, and sounds. I plan to recommend this extension to everyone I know who uses Firefox.
Works well, clean, efficient, and Mac-friendly. What more is there to say?
Yesterday I had to use a clean profile.I noticed that my favourite web pages loaded much faster than I was used to.So I guessed there was something wrong in my default profile, and started checking both preferences and extensions.After a bit of "standard diagnostic", I found disabling Adblock Plus FROM THE EXTENSION MANAGER (disabling from its menu didn't help) increased speed by 30% at least.To be sure, I installed Adblock Plus alone in my clean profile, with default options and no list subscription at all. Even this way, Adblock Plus caused page loading to become comparatively sluggish.I cannot recommend this extension until it gets a major optimization.Using Flashblock and NoScript alone prevents 99% of annoyances with no noticeable performance hit and a security bonus.
Keeps updating, continuously evolves, focuses on ease of use for the end-user and is better than most of the competition today.Rocks!
Every page these days had tons of annoying and ugly ad banners all over it. I love the fact that I can surf the net in peace, not having to be bombarded by all of those annoying ads. Webpages look MUCH better without them.Also, some ads distort the look of the page, pushing content either down or to the side, making you have to scroll back and forth to read it sometimes. This add-on gets rid of that. Once you've blocked an ad, the space it took up is made smaller.
yeah it is a good add-on. very powerful one. i used to download movies from peekvid.com. but since they upgraded the site, i can't download the movies using DownloadHelper anymore.
Are you Slow Speed Connection OR ADs Maniac Portal sites User?HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Flash = memory and bandwidth wasteAdblock Plus = Superb ExtensionI also like to use this to get rid of really annoying auto-play videos and video-ads like Youtube, because those stupid videos on youtube and such really get on my nerves, and I am not talking about the ads.
Wow! I'd been going crazy with Flash ads using all my CPU power, not to mention all space on web pages. Within seconds of installing this extension, everything I didn't want to see was GONE! My CPU can now rest easy and so can I! Thank you so much!
A must have add-on along with the updater, NoScript, and the Netcraft tool bar gives you complete control of your web browsing .
Now I don't have problems regarding ads that direct to a malware website, may also have a functionality block some websites (I've tried and it blocked 'em) and most of all, it lessen the time to finish loading a webpage (hey, a few KBs in websites is a bid deal and blocking helps speed the loading time)
Seems Good one....... I have to check it again.
Does what it says. Sometimes will not recognize available D/L's (rarely) but works well almost always. Excellent for Youtube, etc. Easy to use. Highly recommended.
This is a "must have" extension! Thanks god Adblock Plus was developed!
I have been using this add-on for months now and I gotta hand it out to you guys. I rocks! Awesome mate! Two thumbs up! No more of those annoying ads that carry you to those dead links, in fact, I had gotten so accustomed to it, that I sometimes forget that the ads are there.Genious!
Works for me.
It's amazing! It even protected me on a graphics site that had got a serious pop-up problem. It's a must have and my anti-spyware programme has had no major spyware since firefox and no minor at all since this add-on! I could go on and on singing it's praises! I'm not well up on what to block so the choice of an easy list was another plus point.
Adblock Plus 0.75 has severe problems on my installation...all previous versions worked flawlessly. This version removes the File, Edit and View legends from these memus...the memnus are still there but there is no title for them shown. Disabling the extension restores the menu titles. A very annoying bug. I'm sorry to say that I've had to stop using this extension until it is fixed. It occurs in all themes.
many thanx to the developper(s)!own to be firefox standart!
you fixed the blockable list window. thanks that really works great now, never understood why you had it on the sidebar to begin with but i guess its a none issue now :)
I used to use VideoDownloader but this is much better. :)
the auto subscription blocks "most" ads? I think you mean all! Doesn't interfere with my browsing at all and I only needed to manually block an ad once!
Thanks - it's now possible to use hotmail and other web-based services at a sensible speed; all those incredibly irritating ads for US financial products (I'm in the UK) have vanished, and the usable window area is increased. Thanks for a brilliant add-on!
????\A8\A6??????????VideoDownloader ???????????????\A8\A6???????SilverLight ?\A1\E3??\A8\A8???????????\A1\A7?\A8\A8?\A8\A6?????XD GOOD!!
one page of hundret, which is missing a link/image, which is not shown, because abp thinks this is an ad. thats ok for me.
you all are gods. This is the best add-on on FF. thanks keep up the good work. 50 stars.
Very easy to use. Works great on commonly used video sites - youtube, etc
Blocking advertisements is very easy with automatically updated filter subscriptions. Like with a Ronco, you set it and forget it. At the same time, it's more flexible and powerful than other comparable content blockers like Opera's built-in function. And this quality extension is backed by great documentation and an active community.
So sweet and very convenient. This deserves a 10.
super excellent!!!!!! you can download any media extension!!
Works seamlessly and easily, really great.
The ultimate necessity for any Firefox user. Annoying ads? Use ABP to block 'em. Somebody posting annoying images or has annoying sigs/avatars on forums? Use ABP to block 'em. The one con that still stings is the occasional loss of filter data, but I use backups to work around that problem. This is a great add-on for any user!
Good add on! It slows the website initially, but after that, home free!
I really love this extension! The little dancing circles make me happy, and it's really easy to use. The only thing people should know is that they still need to download an FLV player, but I really enjoy this! Thanks!
I'm sorry I can't donate(hopefully you can understand) but I really love this extension and would be nothing without it. THANK YOU! Does it work for swf too? that'd be cool!
Best add-on ever. No more "whats your credit score" or "what celebrity is this"! My internet goes so much faster. I haven't had a single ad since i downloaded this earlier this week. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
This extension rocks. It can extract embedded videos successfully from most websites I have come across. I previously used to use UnPlug and was quite happy but DownloadHelper works where even UnPlug fails.10/10 for the DH team. Thanks mates ....
Does everything that I want and more. Great add-on!
it is very good and works very well if you have freespire
excellent add-on.thank u very much
this extension is what really makes firefox worth using
For some reason, Adblock Plus doesn't seem to work on my new computer, which has Windows Vista Home Premium installed. It works just fine on my other computer which has Windows XP. Requesting a new version that attempts to fix this compatibility problem.
works very good ...with many sites..thanks for this ...keep going
unblievably excellent
This tool provides a clean, simple and elegant method for removing ads from web pages.Simple, Elegant, Brillant!
I love this extension.
Very easy to use. Much better than VideoDownloader.
It's easy to find ways to download from YouTube but I've been looking for a reliable way to download from imeem and ifilm for ages and I'd pretty much given up hope until I found this extension. It downloads easily from all the sites I've tried so far (ifilm, imeem, youtube, google video, jibjab, and daily motion) and it's pretty much made my day.
No More Annoying, badly thought out, waste of space, Advertisements! 10/10
This add-on is a godsend for users with slow connections or want to automate downloading a volume of files. Donate some money and keep these guys in business.
I had been annoyed a lot by ads until I installed this add-on. This is a really really essential add-on that everybody must have, except if you are looking for ads :-)
Adblock Plus is THE essental weapon in taking back the Net from the advertising scourge. Anyone who has tried to read a news or special interest site while fighting the distraction of all the infuriating jiggling, flashing, animating ads trying to worm their way into their subconscious will find themselves in Internet heaven the moment they install this extension.Every time someone asks me to fix their computer (usually defragging, de-virusing or re-installing) I always replace MSIE with Firefox by default - and immediately put Adblock Plus on as well. I generally do this without telling them, and those that noticed the change afterwards have all, without exception, thanked me for doing so, and said that their Web experience has dramatically improved.The only tiny niggle I have with Adblock Plus (or more accurately, its filter set) is that text-only Google Ads are blocked by default as well. I can understand this in light of privacy concerns, but I also accept that advertising is essential for some sites, as it's their only form of revenue. Text-only Google Ads is a responsible form of advertising that is non-distracting and non-intrusive, and webmasters should be encouraged to adopt this method of advertising. It is the animated, content-obscuring and intrusive Flash/Java/gif ads that need to be blocked, to send the message to the advertising industry that aggressive, in-your-face advertising is neither acceptable or socially responsible.This said, Adblock Plus should be included as a default plugin with the Firefox install (with a "don't install" option if you don't want it, although why anyone wouldn't want Adblock Plus is beyond me!) It makes surfing the net user-friendly and enjoyable again. It is, beyond doubt, the single best and most important plugin for Firefox there is.
I've installed this on all four family PC's on the network. Works perfectly with approx. 98% of all the sites in my experience.Many thanks for this excellent piece of software.Milmot
Love it. Get it. It\'s so good i don\'t have to elaborate... its safe, easy to download (literally takes a minute).
and best of all brilliantly simple. An easy way to determine how well a product is designed is to take it out of the box and attempt to use it immediately. If you can use it without blowing anything up, then you have a well designed, user-friendly product.DownloadHelper passes this (my) test and more.Recommended!
Works very well, great for down loading video files
Just added it. Wish i would have done it along time ago. Greatest thing since sliced bread.Works great.
Such fun to go around "killing" advertisements, never to be seen again, then find all your webpages sitting there by themselves, completely free of annoying flashing banners.
I know many sites depend on ads for revenue, so I have honestly tried to get by without using Adblock. It's just a matter of time, though, before I end up on some site with a ton of blinking, flashing ads that take way to long to load. Adblock makes sites like that bearable again.
...awesome stuff! takes out ALL the guesswork and does the rest EASILY! i recommend this one, y'all!:)
I tried the others (Keepvid,Download Embedded,UnPlug,OrbThis,Google Video Downloader,VideoDownloader,Video Download,Ook? Video Ook!,Media Pirate,Fast Video Download,GetVideo).Yes I have tried all of them. Although I didnt do extensive evaluations of every single one of them, and some of them have features I didnt try, I did download a video from all of them and this one seemed the most natural and easy to use.
Its a brialliant extension. Easy to use and works great.
Very easy to use and very quick. The only problem I have is the motion the icon makes when it's active - I keep thinking I have something crawling on the screen. If you can handle that, this is easily the best video downloading add-on here.
I have pasted my own reply to my post on the forum, I agree with other reviewer's it should be made standard with FireFoxHi,I would like to add to the above post.My guess that I hadn't configured it correctly was right, initially I didn't go for any of the subscription filters as I thought you had to pay for the service ie subscribe - As soon as I downloaded the first filter set it worked like a dream, I have since added in the odd filter myself to get my regular sites completely free of junk.The best add on I have used, 5 stars
It replaced VideoDownloader for me. I hated having to go to their site for a download link. One thing I do wish for is a lite version of this extension, if that is possible. I have absolutely no need for the "Supported Sites", "Subtile Extension", or "Post video to SUMO.tv" functions. All I need is a tool to download embedded flash videos. These things only add bulk to an otherwise perfect extension.
I have a number of different tools for downloading various kinds of media, and this is easily one of the best
Is there a way , in Thunderbird RSS feeds, to block the top of every Craigslist ad that comes to me. I must scroll down EVERY feed I read (which is hundreds). I would love to block that useless spam warning ,and other links enabling only the ad.It says Adblock Plus works with Thunderbird however no signs that it installed.
Simply brilliant; I saw loooong comments, but really seriously all u need 2 know is -> works like a charm
I would not dream of using the internet without this program. Its versatility, user friendliness, and customization are just starters. This program deserves donations.
as the name states this has proven to be a very helpful site.thank people
This extension is so great that I can't even think of surfing the web without it! Just imagine the wonders it can do for you who have a slow internet connection or pay per megabyte -- just don't download those freaking ads and save your sanity, time and money!! This extension is reason alone to use Firefox!The only thing that could be improved is the way you manually locate and block stuff that slips through.To get an even better web experience, I have a tip: Disable animated images that drive you nuts whenever they appear. Just use about:config and set the image.animation_mode value to none. Flashblocker is an extension that also could be of interest.
I love blocking ads and surfing the web ad-free. Ads have definitely been getting more and more intrusive and annoying and it's great not to have to see all that junk. I especially hate all the animated gifs and flash ads that hog bandwidth and detract from the whole web experience.But I'm still concerned about what will happen if everyone starts blocking ads.It's pretty clear that advertisers are not going to pay for ads that nobody sees. All right, good riddance, who needs them? But then a lot of the content on the web that is now free would have to convert to paid subscription. I wonder if the days of freely surfing from newssite to newssite without paying a cent are numbered?As long as it's just a relatively small number of tech-savvy Firefox users doing this, it's probably not going to affect anything, but what happens if everybody starts doing this?I wonder if we are going to end up killing the goose that laid the golden eggs?
Great extension! Helped me so many times! Everything is perfect except for ONE thing. There is an extension called Ook Ook Video Ook that provides integration with the DownThemAll! extension. This extension is very popular and increases the speed of downloads dramatically. If, in the future, you could provide this integration, that would be fantastic. Keep up the good work!
Love it! Saves me a lot of headaches and time. Pages I wanted to see but never used to bother with because of all the ads are now quick and efficient to view. Things like this are why I use Firefox!
It does it's job, but it blocks things that I don't want blocked, such as images that link to places that I want to go. I don't even know how to undo it either without unblocking the whole site and showing ads on it. In closing, it does it's job, a little too well.
Does what it says downloads video. What makes this extension really stand out is that it downloads not only embedded but also when embedding has been disabled.
So good. I do agree with Peter Piper with his concerns about killing web advertising market. At the same time though, I won't even consider going back until they're responsible enough to get rid of the bullshit/ inappropriate/ dangerous crap that just pollutes everything.
I can't recommend this highly enough. Ive yet to come across a website that this hasn't been able to rip media off. Its hands down the best extension i use.
I've tried most of the other video downloaders available, and nothing works so simply & reliably as this one. Many thanks for a great little piece of software
Hides almost all of the really annoying flashy animated crap that otherwise clogs the intertubes. I always install AdBlock first thing when I start a new FF profile.
After Google's stunts with Paypal and Sicko, I'm blocking all Adsense ads. Adblock Plus is AWESOME.
Gr8 extension. Workis find wit all sorts of files. Better then Video Downloader!
Terrific product, but doesn't work with new ebay shipping calculator. Fields are all blank including Buyer protection options. Auctions with fixed shipping costs, of course not affected, but Buyer protection options are still blank. Been using Adblock Plus for a while. This problem just came up.
I have been using this several times a day, it seems... trying to snatch up YouTube files before they're deleted. I've amassed quite an archive of my favorite clips thanks to this great tool! I've been trying to spread the word about it. Thanks guys.
Currently this is the absolute best for me. I have tried a number of different ones and still get quite a few popups and what not, I have even ran two or three different ones at once and these things still come through. THIS THING JUST KILLS THEM RIGHT FROM THE START and best of all it does not slow the browser or do you even notice it at all!! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT
today i have successfully downloaded my 200th item. I have never experienced a problem with this remarkable program. i wish i were born a mutant so that i could give this program 10 thumbs up.
DownloadHelper has worked so well. It proves that how smart the creator is. I have found no cons since I started to use it. Hope it will support more and more websites with embedded video clips. I find this light program so useful. Highly recommended to everyone! Give it a try and you'll see you are using one of the best programs!
I made some great youtube videos by taking many small clips and putting them together to make 1 great one.
It's one of the better downloading tools, but there's one major flaw.The inability to place the Download Helper in the status bar (at the bottom of the Firefox window).Without this, it's not possible to download videos and other media that show up in pop up screens, which don't have toolbars.
Easy to use, simple option window without overwhelming number of setting options, still effective flawless working. With the help of the tiny gray "Block" mark, or the "block list" it is easy to find and block hidden disguised advertisements and/or allow others to appear. One click enable/disable switch for sites that don?? function properly when advs. are disabled.Perfect. Perfect. I am glad that I have found and downloaded it.I hear you Peter Piper, but I don?? think it would kill the goose that laid the golden eggs, only the ones that laid aluminum eggs. Only the junk, the annoying. The smart will not fall out of the game and the big boys will bypass end-users technical countermeasures in no time with newer and newer tricks. This genius little program will rather revolutionize the multibillion dollar advertising business and will give better chance for hosts to make bigger profit out of advertisers pushing effort to draw attention. And for us it gives relaxed junk free surfing.
Love how you can just shut those stoopid ad's totally off like as if you said STFU for F*** sakes.:)
I absolutely love Adblock Plus! No more annoying flashing ads! No more distracting pictures, either...
This extension is a must-have! It does what it says it does and blocks all those annoying ads. This extension is defiantly 10+
I started using this when it first came out. It auto-blocked 90% of the ads that I saw. Recently, however, it seems that sites have been using new types of ads, that aren't auto-blocked anymore. And if I manually block them, they get replaced with other ads. I hope you guys can come up with something for this. Keep up with the good work!
the most usefull program of all time.THANKS FIREFOX
Thank you!! I live in rural area and only have access to the very slowest dial up and couldn't be more grateful for this add on. Even if I had broadband I'd still use it. It's so easy to use and works like a charm. Lovely!Sincerely,Your biggest fan,Brigid
For me, it is a great tool.Much better than others similar toolsIt really works where other have failed.
I've had this add-on active for one minute, and I already love it!
Funktioniert auf den allermeisten Seiten!
Best I've seen yet-- Recommended over any other video download ext.
Excellent extension. It's great not seeing any annoying ads. I can finally surf in peace.Keep up the good work!
If you get one add-on for firefox this is the one you want. I have been using it for about six monthes , on my eMac and don't remember seeing one banner on one web site. When I use a different computer and see adds the websites look so different it shocks me. A purely AMAZING add-on download it now!
I love this addon, but I wanted to let everyone know: IF you are in school, and your school uses the Blackboard online learning software, your browser will freeze whenever Blackboard loads a Java applet (such as for posting on a board). THERE IS NO WORKAROUND. Your only options are to uninstall Adblock, or use Internet Explorer to access Blackboard. Sorry. I've been struggling with this for months and finally found out what's going on. I still recommend Adblock, but now I have to keep IE available as well. :-(
Wow this is awesome, I was skeptical but it works!
I use Adblock plus together with Filterset.G and no more messy websites.I have to turn it off (click next to the ABP Stop sign in the upper right corner of the Firefox browser and select Deactivate for this site or page) when I want to play Flashgames or watch WebTV or I'll just get a big black square. I thought my Windows was broken until I figured that one out :)
This thing rocks! Pages load extremely fast, no waiting. You will be shocked when sites that were normally slow...now load in the blink of an eye!Get this add-on, you will not be disappointed!
A beautiful solution to one of the internet's most annoying problems.
Finaly a download utility smart enough finding ALL MEDIA FILES.Free TO use not free OF use!
Works great with Firefox. Blocks most anything obnoxious on a web page.
As a dial-up user, I have fits with streaming video, especially when they won't cache. I get hiccups, burps and gurgles... In other words, completely unwatchable. I found this extension and it solved my problem. I even threw it a curveball and added a Shockwave extension (swf). No problem... It found the link, grabbed it and I was downloading in no time! I can't say that about two other extensions (which have found their way to my trash can as a result).Great doo-dad! Does what it says. Beautiful!
my FF was crashing so i started eliminating addons one by one to see if one might be causin my crashes. anyway, i forgot to turn adblock back on, and all i can say is "ya don't know whatcha got til you disable it"! Ads were EVERYWHERE, especially those darn floating ads. All gone now when i re-enabled Adblock. the single BEST addon for FF hands-down!!!
I live on an island off the coast of Maine...DSL isn't available...satellite internet connection is off the chart expensive...so, dial-up is the only reasonable option. Ad-Block has cut my page load times almost in half. It works great...absolutely no problems at all...don't know what I'd do without it. It's like TIVO for the internet...you can see the pages, but, you skip over the ads.
Boy, was I impressed! My slow dial-up Internet is MUCH faster now, especially for Yahoo email, which is notorious for slow flashing banner ads.
I've been using this add-on for several years and can't imagine browsing without it! Complimented with FlashBlock, one can do away with the visual clutter on staple news sites like NYtimes.com, WashingtonPost.com, etc. It makes no difference whether one is on dial-up or has broadband access, AdBock Plus will restore sanity to your web browsing experience!
Why do I have to watch annoying ads? Many times I have left a website because of annoying, nonstop flashy-thingies that get in the way of reading the content offered. I\'m happy to look at ads that don\'t try so aggressively to get my attention. So the message to aggressive advertisers is, \"Back off, man, and look for a different gimmick.\" \r\n
Just made my first download using downloadhelper. It works where others have failed. Be careful to uninstall any other similar add-on you are using, before using download helper. Thanks a lot mig!
This is a program that should be included in every operating system. Fast and effective.
I've discovered that this extension is interfering with text rendering in the vicinity of blockable content, thinning it out and making it look rubbish. Once the screen is scrolled to hide the blockable content the text render returns to normal. Firefox text render is very poor as it is, but this makes it worse. Any chance of a fix?
Adblock plus does not slow down your speed because there are some crappy sites that has sh'it loads of ads, some even uses flash animation, which makes u download and consumes even more bandwidth until the website is done loading, or finished.
An excellent add-on does what it says. And protects many users from misleading and spyware infected advertising like "winantispyware 2007" and "errornuker" and "drivecleaner". I recommend this hightly and have it installed on every computer I use. Spyware removal is expensive, this add-on is free and could save you money in the long run by blocking spyware laden ads. Users have a right to modify/censor web pages as they load on thier computer see:greasemonkey add-on. Puts control of Internet Content in the hands of the end user where it should be.
This product delivers 100% on its intent. Thank you SO much for this!!
It is so strange (and WONDERFUL!) to be able to go to websites without glaring flashing ads! On principle I never click on the adds, and now I don't even have to look at them. Pages take less time to load too. I wish I put this on before!
For dial-up users, this extension is a must. Pages load much faster. Blocks almost every ad with just the basic filters on. My only gripe is that some pages won't load right, forcing me to turn adblock off and then hit reload. A keyboard shortcut for enable/disable would be very handy.
I love this Add-on, easy to use yet powerful.
worths a try
This is positively the best add-on ever. I am a webmaster, though I do not agree with the others in the fact that I don't like ads... And not enough people use this to take away from the advertising potential of any given site (yet).
I just started using Firefox and then I found ABP, it now makes my Netzero highspeed run like DSL. Thanks for a great browser and for ABP. Wish I had done this a long time ago. Keep up the great programs!!!
Less trouble and more effective than any of the other video-downloading plug-ins I have tried.
that Cool & easy2useabout "Option to place in status bar???"I copy URL place in IE and click that window when the window(that no have status bar) is popup I click Crtl+N now I have URL and copy & place in firefox
I have high speed cable so pages weren't really *that* slow to load, but without those mill stones hanging on every site things load practically instantly. I am also thrilled to not have motion or flashing on every site...I get migraines and have to be careful. I've even put yellow stickie notes over flashing ads. NO MORE!! YAHOO!!
really works!! awesome!!
no more stupid banner ads!
Awesome product. Most important of all,it WORKS!!!
Just add Stage6 and, somehow, AdultSwim.com support and also allow you to download videos that are embedded in a different site and I'll be a happy man and it'll get a 10.
Can't recommend this highly enough! Not had a single problem installing or using this add-on.
Anybody who does not install this has to have rocks in their head. It works perfectly, is unobtrusive and reduces the not-so-fun aspect of web sites.
Just wanna say THANKS a lot for the great product, Adblock Plus. My husband and I just installed it now and are very satisfied with the results. It not only shuts out annoying ads, but also speeds up surfing, which is a great thing since we work online. P.S. we don't mind text adds, just the flashy, ugly, horrible, distracting, despicable ones the web is much better off without.
What can I say.. this plug is amazing! I have a number of websites that I hit every single day.. and I was so tired of those flash/java/javascript/css adds that took forever to load! I would grind my teeth every time I saw an annoying flying shoe or a smiley face singing..And the worst case adds the ones that locked up the website (using javascript) until you clicked on the add that opened in the background. Man that's not advertisement.. that's borderline abuse!But thanks to this add-on all that has stopped!I appreciate the time and effort progrs put into this prog.. thanks!
I've been using the add-on for a long period of time, and it never fail me.
Works on Youtube localised servers ^_^
this is amazing!! makes surfing the web much more pleasing to the eye, everyone needs this!!!
Carl, download the Firefox add-on "flash block," and you will never see another flash ad again.
Forget what Ryan said, yes FX is faster without add-ons but not much faster. Adblock plus doesn't only block ads it blocks any undesirable content. If there is some cool adds that you like, then just decide to not block them. If there are adds that you don't want, the block them.This is an awesome extension! I recommend this for ALL users.
This thing is amazing it helps get id SOME of the Ads but im still giving it a 8 because it speeds Firefox!!!I just wish it could disable those Flash Add Ons from Myspace
trabaja muy bien, firefox trabaja mas r??pido ahora
I've tried all the youtube downloaders from Mozilla Extensions and the is by far the most reliable if you are running Firefox on Ubuntu GNU/Linux 7.04
Does more than it says! As soon as I can I will send a donation, it's worth it!
Superb. Easy to use and effective.
I just got this extension today, and I like the simplicity of the interface, and the privacy of the way it works. This really helped me save my favorite Youtube videos from the danger of being deleted by Google and lost forever. Now any video I like gets backed up with this extension. So when I see "video no longer available" in my playlist, I just laugh as I know that I still have a copy on my HD. One finger salute to Google!
I love this thing. No more flashing ads messing with my concentration.
yes- as others have mentioned, this extension really does give you good download function from media sites, including the main one, whose coding changed drastically on August 23rd ... but - I'm puzzled at to why the two program use buttons are reversed ... ("huh?" the reader might say) here's my thinking: the interesting red-green-blue ball anim (and thanks for the option to turn the anim off) implies motion, and THAT should be the button which shows us the available media files for download, NOT the microscopic little triangle! ... users with darker FF themes are put at a further disadvantage trying to find a black triangle on a dark menu bar background ... the visible user target for a function should be as easy to click as possible, and if I could find the graphic file in the .jar file, I'd make it bigger, but I can't find it ... but - getting back to my earlier observation, the primary (download) function button should be bigger than the supportive function, which just shows a list of sites ... don't get me wrong: I appreciate the work, it's just puzzling as to why the site list is even shown, since it's more a Preferences function ... I welcome comments
Just what I was looking for. Tried to use Greasemonkey before, but they remove flash animations and such AFTER the page is loaded. With this extension, they are never downloaded, just blocked. So now everything is sped up, and I don't even have to watch annoying ads! Thank you.
This thing works well man. The other addons didnt work when the youtube changed their page. But this one still works.
This is the best add-on I had so far. Easy operation and very reliable. Highly recommended.
its good i can download my fav video at youtube try it bro.it so GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
1001 Thumbs Awarded for this extension....
I've tried nearly all of the download addons, and can say without a doubt that Download Helper is the best. It just works. And, it is updated when things change -- like the recent changes at Google Video. If you're looking to download video or audio, and you want an addon that actually works, and will keep on working, you won't go wrong with this download. I wish I could rate it a 12!
It works!!!! I tried at least 5 other add-ons none worked. Finally I looked at the comments section of videodownloader and found this link.
Cleaner, faster and it makes for such a nice internet experience. I love not having those annoying, flashing ugly ads all over the place. Everyone should try it.
For this tool alone I will NEVER use Internet Explorer again. Mozilla is it for me. No more annoying flash Google ads!! No more popup flash ads. As I still have an AOL email account, sometimes I will surf the web while checking my email. Since Adblock doesn't work on AOL, I notice the difference right away. I can barely stand to look at websites now without Adblock to filter all the blinking and flashing.
This is my all-time favourite extension and I was overjoyed to see that it is compatible with Gran Paradiso 3.0a7 when I upgraded.
Works well and easy to use.
Works as advertised. Very easy to use...I don't know why some of the others complicate something that should be so simple. Great job on this extension!
I used to have another add-on that downloaded from Youtube, but since last month's changes to their website, that program stopped working. However, this one works fine and it's less cumbersome to use.
Together with NoScript the best and most useful extension in existance.
You deserve a medal for this add-on Wladimir, the relief from the brightly coloured 'flashy' ads is incredible. It is sad that marketing maniacs and many website owners think it is reasonable to bombard surfers with their trash and so promote an opposing 'movement' which fortunately is able to circumnavigate this excess. Thanks is also due the many 'List Maintainers' that help to make this add-on so effective.Perhaps the AOL email account user below should use Thunderbird and configure it to pick up messages. This will avoid being force fed ads and getting stuck in the bog of 'bloat' by dear old Aunty AOL.
As of Sept 13th, this is the only video download extension that is working for downloading YouTube videos.
Easy, Flawless, Dependable. Thanks.
Not to be missed.
Flash video downolding is great with this addon .VideDownloader didn't work when dailymotion.com changed its page . only download helper and video detct from videoleech.com addons work now with dailymotion.com . i would like this addon more if it is converted to a status bar button instead of menu
Thumbs up, and all good !
Just click the stop-sign like icon on your toolbar! Viola!
Greetings.This extension is priceless.It will download EVERYTHING - every Flash .flv file, from every site!Even from very small unknown sites or sites that added download protections for flash files, so other video downloaders won't work anymore.VERY nice work. Essential Extension. Download!
What an extension... love it... made my internet life easier...a lot easier...Many many thanks.
Ads be gone! In conjunction with Adblock Filterset.G Updater keeps most of those annoying ads under control.
Excellent simple interface.
I used another plugin which was on the "popular" list, but doesn't work at all anymore, this comes out way above that!
really great but some downloaded vids?? are damaged!all in all a great add-on!
This program is GREAT! I forget I have it until I start browsing on the work PC where they don't allow Firefox. That machine is so slow and loaded with crap! Even though the work machine is a faster machine and a faster connection, it dogs because of all the ads that my home box blocks! THANKS, MERCI, DANKE, GRAZIE! DDUUUUUUDDDEEEE! You Rock man!
I tested 3 plug in for getting .flv videos. (DownloadHelper, VideoDownloader And Fast Video Download)Only these one surprised me, works with many sites, and very faster. :)
Adblock Plus is without doubt the greatest add-on I have ever used. I have never seen anything to compare to its ability to block ALL the advertisements on every website that I frequent. To the creator(s) of this feature...Thumbs up WAY up! Great job and thank you very much for the greatest add-on EVER!!
This together with the element hider is the best add-on. BTW, today I discovered a free IE Ad blocker IE7Pro, that can block frames not possible through AdBlock Plus. Hehe, you guys are getting some competition!
Some sites are prohibitive and annoying, but it was always possible to download videos from them so you can watch them online and people with slow connections simply cannot follow the current standards of distributing videos by streaming.DownloadHelper provides a solution for this problem, it is easy to use, doesn't require any external site. Comes with a guide to find video sites and, most importantly, it does the job correctly.
Get a version prior to 2.5.2 (i.e., 2.5.1 or less). You also have to be aware of all the cookies and privacy issues, but it can be a very good addon. Unfortunately, the developer has a really awful support forum where you have to enter the total number of FAQ question to be able to submit a bug report, but no (reasonably close) number works. DH 2.5.2 totally freezes Firefox when clicking on options using Firefox 2.0.0.11, and with every DH update you have to see what nonsense the developer added in options. The developer needs to stop treating people like infants. Previously I gave this addon a 10, now I give it a 1. Average to get 5. If the developer doesn't change course I may not use it much longer. If you read between the lines of this developer's posts, you can tell he's got questionable motives, and is only holding back because people are onto him. e.g., read the posts around when he added the cookie and there another privacy issue before that, and even before then -- obviously, he's becoming more reclusive so that's going to be difficult, but I remember. A FAQ question count to submit a bug report -- are you totally mad? Even the count system doesn't work, and I input many incremental numbers on both sides of the actual count. At least there are plenty of other alternatives when I decide to switch.
After reading the AdBlock's history, I installed Adblock Plus 0.7.5.2 + Element Hiding Helper 1.0.2, and I impressed by the force of these 2 extensions. With Adblock Plus 0.7.5.2 I discovered Ctrl+Shift+B (useful when I want to block .img, etc... and to see which element is blocked), and with Element Hiding Helper 1.0.2 I discovered Ctrl+Shift+H, the power to block anything with some rules.
Adblock plus is always the first most important extension that I add to Firefox I can't surf without it ... it's indispensable!
will make yr life much easier
websites are empty now lol
This is probably one of the best extensions to have. I just wish somebody would make something to stop Flash Ads now. :)
I have tried several different video downloaders and none of them worked, although they said they did.This works without any problems, all you need is the jlv converter for the videos you download and your good to go.
After I updated to 0.7.5.3, all my extensions even including ADP doesn't even get loaded. Only superdragandgo was loaded. Disappointed.
Of all the download helpers out there, this one excels in accuracy, quality, and ease of use. I would recommend using this.
Works like a charm
Superb, fantastic, most importantly thank you for sharing this wonderful program for free.
The best add-on out there in my opinion.
I recommend it. Download helper works fast and is easy to use.
This is the best downloader that you can find. Works everywhere!
An awesome extension!\r\nBut since the update I can\'t seem to get rid of the \"dwhelper\" folder, even when I change it\'s location, it still comes back to User in Vista!
Got very frustrated using Video Downloader which just suddenly died after the update. Searched for a few days and found this program through a blog. So glad I did. This is an excellent replacement for Video Downloader.
Its kind of a pain when using with NoScript to figure out how to get some websites working properly but its functions can greatly help how they are viewed as well.I seen a 'how to' article to view Live Hotmail with addons when all I needed to do was use AdBlock plus "select element to hide" and Hotmail Live Full looks great on Firefox 2.0.6! (and runs faster).
I LOVE THIS EXTENSION. ABSOLUTELY NO ADS!!! I don't use Safari anymore! You have just brightened up my eDay!
Nice work man
